Update 'Infrastructure List' documentation (#18703)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/infrastructure/list.md

{{< callout url="#" btn_hidden="true" >}}
  The Agent configuration view is in public beta and is available in Agent versions >= 7.39/6.39.

  Starting with Agent version >= 7.47/6.47, this feature is enabled by default.
{{< /callout >}}

The Agent can send its own configuration to Datadog to be displayed in the `Agent Configuration` section of the host detail panel.

The Agent configuration is scrubbed of any sensitive information and only contains configuration you've set using the configuration file or environment variables. The configuration changes are updated every 10 minutes.

> This feature is enabled by default since Agent version 7.47.0/6.47.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is enabled by default in Agent version >= 7.47.0/6.47.0.
```

> To enable or disable it, change the value of `inventories_configuration_enabled` setting in your [Agent configuration file][6] (set it to `true` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To modify this behavior, change the value of `inventories_configuration_enabled` setting in your [Agent configuration file][6] (set it to `true` to
```

> enable it and `false` to disable it):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enable send of the configuration and `false` to disable it):
```

> Alternatively, use the `DD_INVENTORIES_CONFIGURATION_ENABLED=true` environment variable to enable this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, use the `DD_INVENTORIES_CONFIGURATION_ENABLED` environment variable to enable or disable this feature.
```

{{< callout url="#" btn_hidden="true" >}}
  The Agent configuration view is in public beta and is available in Agent versions >= 7.39/6.39.

  Starting with Agent version >= 7.47/6.47, this feature is enabled by default.
{{< /callout >}}

The Agent can send its own configuration to Datadog to be displayed in the `Agent Configuration` section of the host detail panel.

The Agent configuration is scrubbed of any sensitive information and only contains configuration you've set using the configuration file or environment variables. The configuration changes are updated every 10 minutes.

This feature is enabled by default in Agent version >= 7.47.0/6.47.0.

> To modify this behavior, set the value of the `inventories_configuration_enabled` in your [Agent configuration file][6] to `true` to send the configuration, or `false` to disable it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To modify this behavior, set the value of `inventories_configuration_enabled` in your [Agent configuration file][6] to `true` to send the configuration, or `false` to disable it.
```

> To modify this behavior, change the value of `inventories_configuration_enabled` setting in your [Agent configuration file][6] (true to send the configuration and false to disable it).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To modify this behavior, set the value of the `inventories_configuration_enabled` setting in your [Agent configuration file][6] to `true` to send the configuration, or `false` to disable it.
```

> To modify this behavior, set the value of the `inventories_configuration_enabled` setting in your [Agent configuration file][6] to `true` to send the configuration, or `false` to disable it.

Reviewer: @hush-hush Tiny nit:
```suggestion
To modify this behavior, set the value of the `inventories_configuration_enabled` in your [Agent configuration file][6] to `true` to send the configuration, or `false` to disable it.
```
